The Carmichael Show is taped in
front of a live studio audience.
- Hey.
Are y'all at that age where you
just stare out the window now?
We trying to get our first
look at the new neighbors.
This is what you used to do, Jerrod,
before you got that Internet.
Yeah, we saw that moving
truck across the street.
You guys have any idea who they are?
Anybody would be better than Ilene.
That woman lived across
the street 25 years,
and I didn't even know her last name.
She was a terrible person,
just terrible.
God rest her soul.
I loved Ilene.
She was mean, but self-sufficient.
She never asked me for nothing.
I remember one time she
fell in the walkway,
and I asked her did she need help,
she flipped me the bird,
then she army-crawled all
the way to the front door.
Now that's what I call a good neighbor.
Mm-hmm.
You know, growing up, I spent
more time at the neighbor's
than my own house.
My parents were always fighting.
It was too loud to even do my homework.
Even to go home some nights. (chuckles)
Jerrod hated homework, too.
Ma, I think you completely
missed the point of that story.
Ah! They're coming out!
Whoa. Hey, Maxine, come.
Let's stare out the window
with the old people.
Let's watch as life
literally passes us by.
I hope they're not
like Maxine's parents,
loud and fighting all the time.
Oh, so she did hear
that part of the story.
JOE: Okay, it's a couple.
A man and a woman... you got
to be clear these days.
A young Muslim couple.
Muslim, yes, Muslim.
They're Muslims.
Uh-huh, with the head
thing and everything.
Mm-hmm, of all the things
they could be, they...
(chuckles): they're Muslims.
This should be very interesting.
Yeah, very interesting.
Okay, look, I, uh...
I love how politically correct
we're pretending to be.
We're in a safe place;
no one's listening.
We can express how we really feel.
Maxine is listening.
Well, the truth is, you
know, we saw Muslims,
and we don't know how to react
'cause we don't see Muslims a lot.
You know, only on TV,
and they're usually
playing the bad guy,
but no one has to feel bad for
expressing how they really feel.
You know, Jerrod is right.
This is an opportunity
for us to have an open,
honest conversation.
Mm-hmm.
What are they doing in my America?!
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
So you guys can't actually be concerned
that your new neighbors are Muslim,
'cause that would imply that
you think that they could be...
I don't even want to say the word.
- Terrorist. - Terrorist.
- Terrorist, yeah. yeah.
I don't think they're terrorists.
I don't know what they are.
I see them as two abandoned
bags at the airport.
Nobody should panic,
but nobody should take
their eyes off them either.
Wouldn't life be easier
if there was just one kind of religion?
Are you suggesting,
like, a master race, Ma?
No, just, like, one group of folk
who, like... dominate?
Well, you know what I'm saying.
Okay, so maybe we should
all become Muslims, then.
Well, that is clearly
not what I'm saying.
I can't believe how
Islamophobic you're being.
But, Maxine, not all phobias are bad.
My fear of sharks is what kept me
from being eaten by a
shark all these years.
Well, that and the fact that
I don't know how to swim.
But that also proves that
some stereotypes are true.
Yeah, that's true.
For example, I don't tip.
See?
Okay, but your neighbors aren't sharks,
they're people, and I am sure
that they are perfectly lovely.
You know, Maxine, you are
right 99% of the time,
but proud Americans like myself,
I'm here to protect the rest of us
from the one percent that
falls through the cracks.
CYNTHIA: Yeah.
Joe, you know, I think
we need to go over there,
introduce ourselves, and
just lay on the charm.
That's a good idea, Cynthia.
Keep your friends close
and your Muslims closer.
Joe.
I mean, Maxine, you can disagree,
but that slogan alone
could win him an election.
You know what?
I'm gonna make them a gift basket,
go over there, welcome
them to the neighborhood.
I think it wouldn't hurt
to be on their good side.
So your gift basket has
an ulterior motive?
So?
You know why Jesus was
so nice to everyone?
Because he knew people
were trying to kill him.
JOE: Mm-hmm.
And all of that still
didn't help Jesus.
Makes you wonder,
maybe he could've been nicer.
Jerrod, remember when
you were in middle school,
I told you and your brother
to always be nice to the
white kids in trench coats.
Kept you safe, didn't it?
'Cause they didn't do anything.
That's because you were nice to them.
You guys, we can't assume the worst.
You know, profiling has consequences.
If you treat someone like a criminal,
they are more likely to become one.
You know, the only time
I ever thought about stealing
was when I was followed around
a store by a security guard.
Uh...
What? I've been followed before.
Don't think that's so unbelievable.
What? I dressed differently back then.
Okay, fine. I was with Nekeisha.
Ha! Okay. That makes sense.
- That makes complete sense.
- CYNTHIA: I was gonna say,
things are really bad
if somebody's following around Maxine.
(laughing)
The point is, it was really hurtful.
And, you know, I don't
want to live in a society
where just any crazy person
can accuse their neighbor of anything.
Well, the police couldn't stop
that San Bernardino attack.
But you know who could?
A neighbor who noticed that
couple acting strangely
and receiving too many packages.
But he didn't want to say anything,
'cause he didn't want people
to think he was crazy.
- Hey.
What up?
Hey, I met the new neighbors.
They're really nice.
Way nicer than old Ilene.
Yeah, that lady was a bitch.
God rest her soul.
Well, maybe they're nice,
maybe they're pretending.
All I know is I got to go put together
that "welcome to the neighborhood,
please don't blow us up" basket.
What is she talking about?
Mom and Dad think the new
neighbors might be terrorists.
I didn't say that.
I said I wasn't sure
they aren't terrorists.
Wait, wait, why?
Because they're Muslim?
Muslims are not terrorists.
Crazy people are terrorists.
Look, Dad, if Muhammad Ali
and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar moved
across the street, would you
think they were terrorists?
No, but we'd think they were broke.
Bobby, that's different.
They're black Muslims.
We're talking about
regular Muslims here.
Regular Muslims need,
like, somebody to, like,
be a gateway Muslim for them.
If a regular Muslim won The Voice,
it could change everything for them.
So what'd you find out, Nekeisha?
Did you get any Intel on them?
- Joe, you know your girl got you.
- Oh!
Now, they said they're
from New York originally,
but they have spent
some time in Pakistan
for, like, a couple of
years living with family.
I knew it. Pakistan.
It's always Pakistan.
Pakistan is one of them
countries that hates America.
Oh, I wonder if it has anything
to do with us bombing them
for the last ten years.
Now, I'm not gonna stand here
and play chicken or
egg with you, Maxine.
NEKEISHA: I'm not jumping
to conclusions and I'm not saying
that your new neighbors might
be members of ISIS, but...
ISIL. What's the difference?
I don't know.
Point is, we offered to
help them with some boxes,
and they were quick to tell us
no and get rid of me and Bobby.
That's 'cause you was asking 'em
too many personal questions.
What do we care if they're
renting or buying anyway?
'Cause everybody knows
that terrorists are renters.
Why would you buy if you
know you about to go jihad
and miss out on your tax benefits?
That's a good point, Nekeisha.
I think you done blown this
whole thing wide open.
Mm.
Now, look, you got a hookup
on some night vision goggles?
I do.
Okay, I feel like I'm
watching the worst episode
of Homeland ever.
CYNTHIA: All right, Joe.
I got everything that makes
America great in this basket.
I got some Pringles, Coke Zero,
some Susan B. Anthony coins,
and a Evan Almighty DVD.
You know, this is basically
America in a basket.
Cynthia, they are American.
They are from New York.
Oh, should I put a Snapple in here?
Jerrod, are you really gonna
let them go over there?
This is crazy.
No, what's crazy is my mom has
what is clearly a bootleg
Evan Almighty DVD,
and she's gonna give
it to a Muslim family
in an Easter basket.
Jerrod, this is a
perfectly nice basket.
Everybody loves Easter.
It's the best comeback
story there ever was.
You go on and get them there, Cynthia.
You gonna win them
over with your smile,
while I look around and see if I see
any evidence of radicalization.
BOBBY: You know something,
man, y'all are being
real prejudiced right now.
You're being close-minded
and you're being ignorant.
Bobby, you seem grumpy.
You hungry? Huh.
Eat some of these Pringles.
Joe, what are you gonna
do, go snoop around
this unsuspecting couple's home?
Yes.
Oh, that is a beautiful way
to welcome them to the neighborhood.
Are you really gonna let them do this?
I mean, what do you
want me to do, Maxine?
Obama said we got to stay vigilant.
He said if you see
something suspicious,
you should say something.
Yeah, and in that same
speech, he also said
that we have to reject
bigotry in all its forms
and that discrimination undermines
our national security.
And Michelle said we need
to get up and move more.
Hello!
We're your new neighbors, and we'd like
to welcome you to our community.
I'm Joe Carmichael.
This is my wife Cynthia.
- I'm Zayn.
- And I'm Fahmida.
Very nice to meet you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We try to follow Islamic law
and limit nonessential physical contact
with the opposite gender.
No offense.
Oh.
Well, great!
I love learning new customs.
So y'all lived in Pakistan, huh?
Yes.
So which you like better?
You mean, like, as a country?
Mm-hmm.
Do we have to choose?
(chuckles): Oh.
He's just messing around.
(chuckles)
But, seriously, if you had to pick one.
Well, we love it here,
but a lot of our family and
friends still live in Pakistan,
so...
I hear Pakistan is beautiful.
I hear the people are beautiful.
She's beautiful.
At least, what I can see of her.
(Cynthia laughs)
(sighs) Oh.
I-I brought you all a gift basket.
Okay, thank you.
We'll see you around.
Okay.
We love you!
"We love you"?
Well, I was just trying
to make conversation.
You need somebody to sign for that?
Nah.
It's from Pakistan.
Ooh, Pakistan!
Yeah.
Oh, come on, are-are you really
mad at me right now, Maxine?
Yes. The only reason that
your parents are suspicious
of their neighbors is
because they're Muslim.
And how is that my fault?
It's not your fault,
but I would like you
to at least agree with me
that they're acting crazy.
Well, I'm sorry. I can't agree to that.
Well, that's why it's your fault.
Well, look.
Maxine, I agree that maybe
they're overreacting.
But I won't say that I don't understand
where their fear comes from.
Look, I understand that racially
profiling someone is wrong
and we need to respect
people's civil liberties.
But...
turning a blind eye and
pretending that their neighbors
aren't capable of something
bad isn't the answer, either.
So what is the answer?
You're asking me to solve
terrorism right now?
I mean, I really think
I can fix our problems
with the Middle East,
but I'm gonna need
at least a Red Bull first.
Look, your parents
are being xenophobic.
And you have to realize the
negative consequences of that.
If your parents said that we should
build a wall around the whole country,
would you agree with them on that, too?
Of course I want a wall!
I mean, look, Maxine,
I'm not anti-immigration,
but I'm definitely pro-wall.
I mean, walls are amazing.
If walls aren't so great,
why are we standing in walls right now?
I mean, we wouldn't
knock down a whole wall
just so one of our neighbors
could wander in here
if they're ever feeling oppressed.
I'm sorry, is Donald Trump
behind the couch feeding you lines?
I am completely cool with anybody
coming to this country.
I would just like for them
to have been invited first.
Jerrod, the only reason
that any of us are here
is because of immigration.
No, I'm here because of slavery.
You know, you got to understand,
I was invited.
I mean, it... it was
an aggressive invitation,
but an invitation, nonetheless.
Hey, Jerrod, it's me, Bobby.
What do you want?
Look, we got an issue.
Dad stole a package from
those nice Muslim neighbors.
God...
He stole a package?
See? There are consequences.
This is what fear does to people.
You know, opening someone's
mail is a federal offense.
Well, he hasn't opened it yet.
He's just sitting there staring at it.
Just like "The Tell-Tale Heart."
Yeah, Bobby reads, too.
Why would they do something so dumb?
I mean, I was this close to laying out
this nuanced argument about
foreign policy,
and now I got to go save
Kanye and Kim from
embarrassing our family.
Joe, are we really gonna do this?
Well, I think we have to, Cynthia.
We don't want to be neighbors
who turned a blind eye.
We've been through a lot of things
in our 30-plus years together, but...
we've never committed a felony, babe.
Mmm.
Only you could take a moment
like this and turn it romantic.
- (giggling)
- I love you! Mm!
Are you guys really making
out over a stolen package?
Not stolen. Intercepted.
And for good reason, son.
This package came
from Pakistan. Pakistan!
What do they need a box
so bad from Pakistan for?
I don't know. Maybe 'cause
their family is from Pakistan.
We don't know what's in there.
Maybe it's something dangerous.
We could be saving lives.
We could be heroes.
This might get me a Wikipedia page.
Yes!
I might get
a picture with Joe Biden.
I mean, he needs
a fun friend like me.
He's always so sad.
You know, he's been through
a Kennedy amount of pain.
You guys really think you're
gonna be heroes because of this?
No, look,
I agree, if you see something,
say something.
But you're not supposed
to do something.
And you didn't even see something.
You saw nothing,
then you stole something.
Why are you yelling at us?
Because you took it too far!
You're supposed to at least
respect their privacy.
Oh, nobody cares about privacy.
Security is more important.
And you know something else?
The NSA should be spying on all of us,
but they've been slowed down
from people like you and that Snowden,
thinking your secrets are so important.
Well, I got news for you:
the government doesn't
give two damns about you and
your funky little text messages.
Okay, really? Really, Dad?
You really want the government
listening in on all
of your phone calls?
I got nothing to hide!
Now, if the government wants to listen
to me and my friend
Bernard talking about
how we think Emmitt Smith
is the greatest running back
in the history of all mankind,
let them come on with it.
They might learn something,
'cause I got fascinating opinions.
All right. Enough talking, I'm going in!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Don't...
Don't-don't hit their detonator, honey.
There-there's not a bomb in that box.
You don't know what's in there.
It's a teddy bear.
It's an adorable, delightful,
brown teddy bear.
Well, I don't get it.
Should I cut it open to see
where the bomb is inside of it?
Thank you for saving America.
How does it feel to be SEAL Team Six?
(knocking on door)
Oh, it's the Muslims.
Quick, hide the bear!
- (chuckles): Hello, you two.
- Oh!
What a pleasant surprise.
Our favorite new neighbors.
We're missing a package from my family
that was supposed to arrive today.
Wondering if you guys saw anything.
No, but thanks for stopping by.
Really?
Because supposedly it arrived
after you guys left our place.
You really didn't see anything?
Uh, no... we ain't saw...
Uh, honey, did you see a package?
No.
Okay, look, I'm sure
this is the package that
you guys are looking for.
Jerrod!
Did you take that from those people?
Yeah, Jerrod, that's a federal offense.
Really? Really?
Um, sorry, I should have
introduced myself sooner.
I am their very embarrassed son Jerrod.
I knew they stole it.
Now, hold on, don't
jump to conclusions.
We don't know they stole it, Zayn.
Oh, yeah, they stole it.
Why would you do that?
Why does anybody do anything, really?
ZAYN: Fahmida, I told you
things like this would
happen in this neighborhood.
Well, this neighborhood?
If this neighborhood is
so bad, why'd you move in?
It's all we could afford.
Yeah, us, too.
Look, let us explain.
You saw a Muslim couple
move in next door
and it terrified you?
That's a pretty good guess.
You know, you would do
very well on Family Feud.
The words my family seems
to have trouble finding are
"I'm sorry" or
"Please don't press charges."
Jerrod, don't put words in our mouth.
But please don't press charges.
I mean, what did you think
you were gonna find in here?
JOE: You know, instead of
focusing on why did
we cut the box open,
let's focus on the fact that
we didn't cut that bear open.
And we could have.
- We thought about it.
- Mm-hmm.
But we didn't. You want to know why?
'Cause we trust you.
'Cause we're neighbors.
This was a gift from our
family to congratulate us.
We're expecting our first child.
Oh, that's great!
You're having a baby.
Now, who do I hug?
I can't hug you, but I can
hug you. Did I get it right?
This isn't the first time
this has happened to us.
You assume every Muslim's a terrorist,
and it's rooted in absolutely nothing.
Do I look like a terrorist to you?
Well, if I was casting
a new season of 24,
you would get the part.
Every single day,
I get judgmental looks,
and it makes me so angry.
But I can't get angry.
Because there is nothing
scarier to America
than an angry young Muslim
woman wearing a hijab,
and that really pisses me off!
I think America's still more
afraid of me in a hoodie,
but I do feel where you're coming from.
How would you like it
if I assumed you were
loudmouth criminals just
because you were black?
Well, today you would
have assumed correctly.
Fahmida, let's go.
Well, nice of you to drop by.
And if you need a babysitter,
just feel free to call.
You know, it's behavior like this
that gives you people a bad name.
"You people"?
You people can't call us "you people"!
We love you!
This is not the moment for that.
Jerrod, what is wrong with you?
Coming over here,
causing all this conflict
with our neighbors.
I could've re-taped that box
and just snuck it on their porch.
What's wrong with me?
Are you kidding me?
I watched you guys commit a felony
and then almost
destroy your relationship
with those neighbors.
Honestly, if you really think about it,
in this situation, the real
terrorists are you people.
"You people"?!
Hey, Jerrod!
Hey, Jerrod, what you
mean by "you people"?!
If it wasn't for us people,
you wouldn't be people!
I can't believe no one showed up for
our "meet your neighbors" party.
I may as well be honest
with you, Maxine.
You know all the flyers
you put up in the hallway?
I took them down.
What? Why would you do that?
I thought we were gonna
get to know our neighbors,
you know, expand our world.
I don't want to meet our neighbors.
You got to do small talk.
I'd rather have small talk
about the weather with Siri.
(knocking on door)
Oh, God.
- Hey.
- Hello, come on in.
I don't think we've officially met.
I'm Maxine.
I know. He's Jerrod.
Okay, how do you know our names, Mr...?
Jamar. And I can hear y'all.
Oh, I'm sorry. Are we being too loud?
Oh, no, I'm listening.
I'm always listening.
I'm here to warn you.
You see them Sudanese dudes
that just moved in next door?
Real child soldier types.
They roll their own cigarettes.
Watch your backs.
This is why I don't like
meeting new people, Maxine.
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org